NEWS 1:

Diego Simeone's side will represent formidable opposition, especially with their defence likely to be bolstered by the return of the Uruguay international as well as Stefan Savic
Atletico Madrid will be bolstered by the return of defensive rocks Diego Godin and Stefan Savic as they look to cause a Champions League upset against Barcelona on Tuesday.

Diego Simeone’s side knocked out the defending European champions on the way to the 2014 final in Lisbon and will fancy their chances again with Godin back in the heart of their defence having recovered from a hamstring strain after missing the last three weeks.

Former Manchester City flop Savic has also shrugged off the muscle injuries which have prevented him from playing since late February and both will be tasked with the formidable job of blunting Barcelona’s all-star attack at Camp Nou.

Luis Enrique’s side, meanwhile, will be looking to bounce back from the shock of Saturday’s defeat at the hands of rivals Real Madrid. 

Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar were blunted by Zinedine Zidane’s side but the only changes likely to be made are in defence.



Gerrard Pique, who missed the second-leg victory over Arsenal, will return from suspension while all eyes will be on Marc-Andre ter Stegen, whose future is the matter of intense speculation with the goalkeeper growing increasingly disgruntled at being forced to play second fiddle to Claudio Bravo. 

NEWS 2:

Xabi Alonso insists Bayern Munich can exorcise the ghosts of last season's Champions League exit at the hands of Barcelona if their squad stays injury-free. 

Pep Guardiola's men were defeated 5-3 on aggregate by their Catalan counterparts last term, in a two-tie loss that featured a humbling 3-0 loss at Camp Nou. 

The Bavarian giants were severely limited by a number of late-season injuries, something Alonso readily acknowledges, but the former Real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder insists that there will be no such repeat of their European exit this term. 

"I don't know if they have an advantage but, of course, there is no doubt that they are playing very well and they are playing as well as they were last year," Alonso told Goal in an exclusive interview when asked if Barca would expect to defeat Bayern, should they be drawn together.

"I said before, as long as we have most of the team fit that'll be a big difference compared to last year. The last two months of the season last year were terrible for us in those terms and we couldn't compete at the same level so if we have everyone fit and the trainer has all the options to choose, it might be different."

Real have struggled in La Liga this term and languish in third but they defeated Barca 2-1 in Saturday's Clasico, and Alonso remains wary of the talents of Zinedine Zidane's men. 

"Everything can change in the Champions League," he added. "It's a massive goal for them this year as they know La Liga is very difficult to win with the difference Barcelona has right now. 

"But Real Madrid, with the players they have, in two games can beat anyone in the world because they can produce so many chances and so much good football that, for sure, they are one of the main favourites for the Champions League."

Bayern are gearing up for the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final clash against Benfica at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday, with the reverse tie in Lisbon to come on April 13.

NEWS 3:

Real Madrid and PSG are reportedly chasing the Brazil international's signature, but the Catalan club's president insists they will not accept any offers for him
 
Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu insists the Catalans have no intention of selling Neymar and will not allow any club to open talks with the Brazil international.

The 24-year-old has been linked with fierce rivals Real Madrid and Ligue 1 champions Paris Saint-Germain in recent months as talks over a new and improved contract remain on-going.

Barca are confident that Neymar - whose current deal expires in 2018 - will sign a renewal at Camp Nou sooner rather than later, but his agent hinted earlier this week that the former Santos forward would be interested in a move to PSG.

Bartomeu is adamant Barcelona will not sell their prized asset, though, meaning any interested clubs would have to meet his €193 million buyout clause.

"If someone wants to negotiate with Neymar, we will not give them permission," Bartomeu told Globo Esporte.

"Neymar will stay at Barcelona."

Neymar has been in sublime form this campaign, scoring 27 goals in 39 appearances in all competitions for Barcelona.
